Minor Formatting changes to AppDynamics Config section (#90)
aws-otel/aws-otel.github.io: src/docs/components/otlp-exporter.mdx

OpenTelemetry can export traces, logs, and metrics to various backends to analyze in order to understand an application’s performance 
and behavior. There are multiple monitoring backends (also known as end-points) which can support OpenTelemetry using the OTLP protocol. 

> In this section, we share getting started configurations to the Collector to export telemetry data to **AppDynamics, Honeycomb, Lightstep, and SumoLogic** end-points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, we share basic configurations to the Collector to export telemetry data to **AppDynamics, Honeycomb, Lightstep, and SumoLogic** end-points.
```

Don't think `getting started` is a clear adjective

Author: Hi @anuraaga , agreed this content was pre-existing, and I didn't know what the original content meant to say. Please change to original intent if you have access to that content : )
